[config] add support to filter services by endpoint. (#1022)
3scale/APIcast: doc/parameters.md

When set to _true_, APIcast will log the response code of the response returned by the API backend in 3scale. In some plans this information can later be consulted from the 3scale admin portal.
Find more information about the Response Codes feature on the [3scale support site](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_3scale/2.saas/html/analytics/response-codes-tracking).

> ### `APICAST_SERVICES_FILTER`

Reviewer: Should we try to find a more specific name? A name that clearly distinguishes this ENV from the one that filters by ID.

`APICAST_SERVICES_FILTER_BY_URL` ?

> **Value:** a regegular expression

Reviewer: typo

**Default:**: .*

> **Example:** *.example.com

Reviewer 2: Will it be possible to supply multiple patterns? I totally could see that there will be two wildcards in some cases.

Reviewer 2: Hm. Based on the code it looks like this should be a regex, but from the example, it looks like a wildcard.

Author: should be clear now ;-)

Reviewer 2: `*.example.com` is not valid PCRE no?

Used to filter the service configured in the 3scale API Manager, the filter

> matches with the backend endpoint. The service endpoints that don't match the

Reviewer: We should say "public base URL" to use the same name as in the admin portal UI.

filter will be discarded.

Note:  If a service does not match, but is included in the
`APICAST_SERVICES_LIST` the service will not be discarded

Example:

Filter: ^test.*.com
Service 1: backend endpoint http://test.foo.com
Service 2: backend endpoint http://prod.foo.com
Service 3: backend endpoint http://test.bar.com
Service 4: backend endpoint http://prod.bar.com

> The services that will be configured in Apicast will be 1 and 3. Services 2 and

Reviewer: The filter was "^test ... " does that mean that the scheme is ignored?

When set to _true_, APIcast will log the response code of the response returned by the API backend in 3scale. In some plans this information can later be consulted from the 3scale admin portal.
Find more information about the Response Codes feature on the [3scale support site](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_3scale/2.saas/html/analytics/response-codes-tracking).

### `APICAST_SERVICES_FILTER_BY_URL`
**Value:** a regular expression
**Default:**: .*
**Example:** *.example.com

> Used to filter the service configured in the 3scale API Manager, the filter

Reviewer 2: We probably should mention the filter is PCRE.

> matches with the public base URL. The services that don't match the filter will

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
matches with the public base URL. Services that do not match the filter will
```

be discarded. If the regular expression cannot be compiled no services will be
loaded. 

Note: If a service does not match, but is included in the

> `APICAST_SERVICES_LIST` the service will not be discarded

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`APICAST_SERVICES_LIST`, said service will not be discarded
```

Example:

Regexp Filter: http:\/\/^test.*.com
Service 1: backend endpoint http://test.foo.com
Service 2: backend endpoint http://prod.foo.com

> Service 3: backend endpoint http://test.bar.com

Reviewer: We have a check in Travis that verifies that all the links in the doc files are valid.
Unfortunately it also picks these ones and 3 and 4 are not valid :/
